website: clarify prestateTracer diff mode behavior (#30912)
ethereum/go-ethereum: docs/developers/evm-tracing/built-in-tracers.md

| from         | string      | the address initiating the call                                                  |
| to           | string      | the target address receiving the call                                            |
| value        | string      | hex-encoded amount of ETH transfer                                               |
| gas          | string      | hex-encoded gas provided for call                                                |
| gasUsed      | string      | hex-encoded gas used during call                                                 |
| input        | string      | call data                                                                        |
| output       | string      | return data                                                                      |
| error        | string      | error informaction if the call failed                                            |
| revertReason | string      | Solidity revert reason, if any                                                   |
| calls        | []callframe | list of nested sub-calls                                                         |

Hints the `to` address, which varies by call type:

> - `CALL/STATICCALL`: The contract or receiving address being called

Reviewer: Or the recipient in case of transfer

Author: I think this case if also be included in the `CALL` case

In `diff` mode the result object will contain a `pre` and a `post` object:

1. The result only includes accounts that were modified. Accounts without changes will be omitted in this mode.
2. The `pre` object within the result captures the account's state at the beginning of the transaction, showcasing its initial values, while the `post` object represents the account's state once the transaction has been fully executed, revealing the outcome of the changes.

> 3. Due to historical implementation reasons, if the `nonce`, `balance` or `code` of a contract is modified during the transaction, the `pre` object will include ALL fields (`nonce`, `balance`, `code`) for that account, and the `post` will only include the modified fields.

Reviewer: How about this?

```suggestion
3. The accounts in the `pre` object will still contain all of their basic fields—nonce, balance, and code—even if those fields have not been modified. Storage slots, however, are an exception. Only non-empty slots that have been modified will be included. In other words, if a new slot was written to, it will not appear in the `pre` object.
```

Author: sgtm
